1.	http://www.videodesk.net/

2.	

Welcome to Video Desk: your complete Video Streaming Service. This Wizard will guide you through Video Desk in 4 simple steps and explain how you can fully exploit its powerful capabilities. 
 
You will learn how to: 

 Upload your media files through VideoDesk or directly into your FTP Account 

 Email Media Links to your friends and customers online 

 Stream your videos from your own web pages 

 View your Streaming Reports 
Let us see how to upload your stream-format media files
(.asf, .wmv, .wma).

To upload your stream-format media files:  

 Click the 'Media Manager' tab in the top menu bar. 

 In the Media Manager page, click the 'Upload Video' button. 

 In the 'Upload Media File' dialog box, click the 'Browse' button to locate and select the encoded media file you want to publish.  

 Click the 'Upload' button to publish the encoded media file to your Video Desk account. 
You can also avail of the "FTP upload" feature in Media Manager. 

 Click on the "FTP upload" button and you will be automatically logged into your FTP Account. 

 You can drag-drop files (as in Windows Explorer) or copy the files 
from your local machine into your account. 

 Refresh the Media Manager page to view uploaded file in the list. 
You can also rename, delete, download the files as well as edit the file description in the Update Media File info option.
Next you will see how you can email the media link of this file to your friends and customers so that they can view it online. 

To send a clickable media link to your clients / friends:  
 

 Click the 'Video Email' tab in the top menu bar. 

 Click the 'Send' link of the media file that you want to email to your viewers. 

 Enter the email ID's of all the people to whom you wish to email the media link. 

 Multiple ID's should be separated by commas. 

 You may even enter a short text message of up to 200 characters, for your viewers. 

 Click the 'Send' button to send out the email. 

 To see your media file, your clients / friends will need to just click the media link that is auto-embedded by Video Desk in the email. 
Also you can view the link of your media file and copy paste them in your webpages, or into the URL of the browser to view your files 
Next you will learn about media links and how to embed your media into the website from your own web pages. 
 

To 'embed' a media file in your own web page: 

 Click the 'Webmaster Tools' tab in the top menu bar. 

 Click the given links in the page for the media file that you wish to stream from your site.
  Video Buttons - to create a button for a video file.
  Audio buttons - to create a button for an audio file.
  Embed Code - to retrieve the html code for your media file.
  Playlist buttons - for your playlist comprising of your media files.  

 For each of the given options specify your requirements and then click on 'Create Button' or 'Generate Code' 

 Copy the code generated and paste it into your own webpage.  
By clicking the text link / button which you have defined as a trigger to request your media file, a viewer will be able to see your video.
The html code provided by Video Desk is completely editable. You may change the look and feel of this page to match the rest of the pages of your website.
Next you will see how to view your streaming reports and get critical information about your media.  

 
